_does the hand thing_​
every moment i live is agony
i'm eating this chicken called steggles at the moment
mmm, dumps
yeah i was a pretty wild teen
that’s the sound the siren makes as it picks me up. nawaamnawaamnawaamnawaamnawaamnawaamnawaam
what's with these homies / dissing my beams
can i no no not
that’s alotta edits!!! you want fries with that???
cool yeah this is the worst
they're desperately trying to ape the big beat sound that chemical brothers/groove armada nailed
never have to look at a horse again
(brown, delicious)
RYLIE MINOGUE
also, adam wants me to get my head around indigestion
jess makes some top gnotch gnocchi
Did you say VOTE COALMINES ARE DUMPISH???
​_jazz music_​
i'm in a spin, then flying through the air, then i'm landing on the ground
THE NEEDFUL
kerry packer up bois
that's swishtastic
never forgetti
Cannot use a payment_method_nonce more than once. ya nonce.
get some jerky ya jerk
just found seeds in my filling cabinet. _eats_
uncle toby's OTs
your face tho
i'm gonna miss all these distractions
seems legeirt
i'm going to go for a walk and then eat my food that has been sitting in the fridge for days
mensroom
buzz'm. buzz'm frog.
i also started on photoshopping you into an x-wing for some reason. you could use that.
quality bants
SMELLO
pearl wam
A++++ WHERE DO I SIGN UP
spoiler: i 4got about mix
ugh, you actually know things about that guy? gross
just stamp the ticket
welp that’s completely the worst
How Much Charts I Ate Last Night
i’m not gonna lie, i’m gonna wear thongs
that reminds me alex, you remind people too much to remember things
"Give me the goon de sack"
bestwebsite.exe
assman. assman frog.
it's the design team m8. shit is gonna be specific af. "1 pixel to the right pls".
added quack.wav back as the error sound. feels good man.
he speaks my language (dingus)
ugh, it's nothing but instagrams
i didn't so much DJ house parties as play this track on repeat for 3 hours. people hated it. got thrown out of caboolture. that's my story.
Special Instructions: Please can I get a phone call from Mike Whitney
THAT'S ALOTTA NOOTS!!!! YOU WANT A WEIRD SCANDINAVIAN CLAYMATION SHOW WITH THAT????
we have a winrar
i can't ken done it
i'm white trash btw
thanks buddy guy pal
i like that i know that it's a reference to twin peaks, having never seen twin peaks
it's actually a pretty funny anime. wait, guys, stop walking away from me
feels like nope
marketing. marketing. marketing.
i completely understand why this is a thing
can you optimize those cupcakes pls
i'm an innie
come to the pong table in the next 6 hours if you want an ass kicking
dunno about you guys but i’m just gonna listen to this on repeat for the next 6 hours
🙃 i went crazy soz
Genre: D&B (Dog and Bass)
so many layers. mostly VHS noise.
that's more of a dollarydon't
Instead of trivia questions under beer lids, why not thousands of tiny spiders?
straight out of my ear, that smell
_wacky 90's bassline_​
slippage
gotta see a man about a bog
pong at me, bro
you're in the gassy knoll
our economy = donezo
_takes out of context_​
there was a what in the where now?
i really dig your grandma
give 'im the james sherry treatment
so what does this mean. we don’t report our exploding buses anymore at all?
i'm fired, aren't i
(smellmonella)
☎️ hello tim?
Sherv just approved of my memes
THAT'S MY SNOT!
whatever floats your stoat
if only i could be bothered
bibio is kinda like if BoC just went full guitar mode. bibiYOLO
u gotta b hip w/ da kidz
we're all gonna die etc
these noots don’t noot themselves
that was good sports
nah m8. banh mi is an all seasons foodstuff.
got tim
so much dog based content today. i can't hold all these dog memes.
woolworths risotto 4 lyf
i just want the perfect latte when getting my beard trimmed whilst i'm on my fixie
needs more akmal
don't mean to blow my own trumpet guys, but i scored the winner. then proceeded to spend the next two seasons scoring approx 0 goals.
BoC_obscure_track_reference_here,exe
ozbargain is great
spent most of my high school years banging the terminator theme on desks. got straight Fs.
whatever you do, don’t look at tommy dassalo’s face
don't forget: your here for bees
did you ever go to a franklins BIG FRESH store? the one in morayfield had animatronics n shit.
i'd prefer a clone of frog fractions
your'e winner
let me prep the ban hammer
we're BAU out the ying yang
I thought Bruno Mars was a new type of chocolate bar
99% invsible feat. mark ronson
what way would the montague st bridge wear pants?
spotify's recommendations for weird, electronic songs no one else would like is spot on
